A: I'm calling today about a bill that I never received.
B: Can you tell me which credit card it was for?
A: It was for my Master Card.
B: You should've gotten that bill two weeks ago.
A: I haven't got it in the mail yet.
B: The computer is showing that all bills have been mailed.
A: What am I supposed to do about my bill then?
B: Maybe you should call your post office.
A: But if it's their mistake, can I get an extension on my bill payment?
B: Yes, but you will need to send us proof of their mistake.
A: Thank you very much for your help.
B: No problem. Enjoy the rest of your day.

A: I haven't received my credit card bill yet.
B: Which credit card are you speaking of?
A: My Master Card.
B: We sent that bill out a couple of weeks ago.
A: I never got it.
B: Your bill was mailed already.
A: What am I going to do since I haven't received the bill?
B: If you haven't gotten it yet, then you should probably take that up with your post office.
A: Can I get an extension on my bill if it does happen to be the post office's fault?
B: If that's the case, you will need to provide proof of their mistake.
A: Thanks for everything.
B: Don't mention it. Call back if you have any more problems.

A: I was inquiring about a bill that I never got.
B: Which credit card was the bill for?
A: The bill was for my Master Card.
B: That bill should have been mailed about two weeks ago.
A: It never came in the mail.
B: My computer shows that it has already been mailed.
A: I have not gotten my bill, so what should I do about that?
B: You should try contacting your post office.
A: If it is the post office's fault, may I have an extension on my bill?
B: You'll have to prove it was their error; then you can get an extension.
A: Thank you for all your help.
B: You are very welcome. Have a good day.

A: There's a problem with my credit card.
B: Tell me what the problem is.
A: A charge came up on my bill that I didn't make.
B: What was the charge for?
A: The charge was for a $350 purse, but I did not buy it.
B: Are you sure that you didn't make that purchase?
A: I would know if I bought something that expensive.
B: I apologize. What day was this purchase made?
A: It was bought on November 12th at 3:15 pm, while I was at work.
B: All right, we'll do an investigation.
A: Until this investigation is finished, will I have to pay for the charge?
B: No, you don't. We'll take care of it.

A: I have a problem with my credit card.
B: What's wrong with it?
A: There is a charge on my card that I didn't make.
B: Can you tell me what the charge was?
A: It's for a purse that cost $350.
B: Are you positive that you didn't buy the purse?
A: I can't even afford a purse that expensive.
B: I'm very sorry. When was this purchase made?
A: I was at work, but the purchase was made at 3:15 on November 12th.
B: We're going to investigate this claim.
A: Do I have to pay for this charge?
B: You won't have to pay for anything.

A: There is something wrong with my credit card.
B: What's the problem?
A: There is a charge on here that I never made.
B: What charge was made?
A: It was a charge for a $350 purse that I never bought.
B: You didn't make this purchase?
A: I think I would remember if I made a purchase that large.
B: Sorry. When was this purse purchased?
A: It was purchased on the 12th of November at 3:15 pm, but I was at work.
B: We'll do an investigation and get to the bottom of this.
A: In the meantime, do I have to pay for this charge?
B: No. We'll take care of everything.

A: Did you clean your room today?
B: No, not yet.
A: When were you planning on doing that?
B: I'm going to clean it up later.
A: Didn't I ask you to clean it up earlier?
B: I'm going to clean it.
A: I want you to vacuum in your room, and don't forget to dust everything.
B: I know. I'll do it.
A: Make sure you clean it up before you do anything else.
B: I'm not going anywhere until later, so I'll clean it then.

A: Have you begun cleaning up that room of yours?
B: I haven't started yet, but I will.
A: What time are you going to clean it up?
B: I'm planning on cleaning it up a little later.
A: I told you to clean it up earlier.
B: I know. I am still going to clean it up.
A: Make sure you vacuum and dust your room.
B: I won't forget.
A: I don't want you to leave until you clean up.
B: My plans aren't until later, so I'll clean it before I go.

A: Have you started cleaning up your room yet?
B: I haven't gotten started on my room yet.
A: When exactly do you plan on cleaning it?
B: I have every intention of cleaning my room later.
A: I thought I asked you to clean your room earlier.
B: I already told you that I'm going to do it.
A: Remember to vacuum the floor and dust everything.
B: I'll remember to do that.
A: Make sure that you don't go anywhere until you clean your room.
B: I'll clean my room before I leave.

A: Man, I'm so hungry! Can you buy me a burrito?
B: I don't have any money to buy you a burrito.
A: Please? I haven't eaten anything all day.
B: Look, I only have money to buy myself a burrito.
A: I'm so hungry, I could eat a whole cow!
B: If you're so hungry, why don't you ask someone else for money?
A: I get paid on Friday, I'll pay you back then.
B: Well, I guess on Friday, then you can eat.
A: That's pretty messed up.
B: Why don't you just go home and eat?
A: I don't want to go all the way home just to eat.
B: Well, I guess you're out of luck.

A: I really want a burrito! Can you get me one?
B: I haven't got any money to purchase a burrito for you and me.
A: Would you please buy me one since I haven't eaten today?
B: I only have a few dollars.
A: I could eat a horse right now, I'm so hungry.
B: I want to eat too. Ask someone else to feed you.
A: Since I get my check this Friday, I can give you your money back then.
B: So then, this Friday you'll be able to eat.
A: You're mean to say that.
B: You should just go home and make yourself a sandwich or something.
A: My house is too far, and I'm really hungry.
B: It sounds as if you're going to continue starving.

A: I'm starving! It would be truly appreciated if you bought me a burrito.
B: I'm a little short. I don't have enough for you.
A: I'm starving, as I didn't eat yet today.
B: I really don't have enough money.
A: My stomach feels so empty.
B: Well, why don't you ask Bob for some money? I'm hungry too.
A: I'll be getting money on Friday, and I'll get it back to you then.
B: Okay, so on Friday, you can buy yourself something to eat.
A: That's not nice. 
B: You can always go home and make something to eat.
A: I can't go home yet, because I have things to do here.
B: Sorry. That's not my fault.

A: What's for dinner tonight?
B: It's whatever you're planning on cooking.
A: You're not going to cook?
B: No, I always cook.
A: Yes, and I love your cooking.
B: Don't give me that. If you're hungry, then cook dinner.
A: You're being serious?
B: Look, I'm really tired tonight. I don't feel like cooking dinner.
A: I'll make dinner tonight.
B: Thank you. I'm going to bed.
A: Do you want me to wake you up when dinner is ready?
B: Yes, please.

A: What are we going to eat for dinner?
B: Whatever meal that you plan on making.
A: I thought you were making dinner tonight.
B: I do all the cooking.
A: Your food tastes so much better than mine.
B: Save it. If you want something to eat, then make it yourself.
A: You really want me to cook tonight?
B: I had a long day today. I really am not in the mood to make anything.
A: No problem.
B: Thanks. I'm going to go take a nap.
A: Would you like me to come get you when the food is done?
B: Thank you.

A: So, what's on the menu for dinner tonight?
B: You tell me.
A: You're not going to make anything to eat?
B: You never cook. I always do.
A: I think you're a better cook than I am.
B: Oh please, you need to cook tonight.
A: So you're telling me that you want me to make dinner?
B: It was a hard day. Can you just do this for me tonight?
A: I'll cook dinner, don't worry.
B: I'm going to go rest for a little bit.
A: I'll come wake you when it's ready, okay?
B: Thanks.

A: Did you feed the puppies today?
B: Yes, I have.
A: That's good! Just make sure to bathe them later.
B: No problem. I can do that for you.
A: Thank you! You know they have to go to the vet on Saturday?
B: I know. What time do they go?
A: Their appointment is at eleven o'clock in the morning.
B: Okay, I won't forget.

A: Have you given the puppies food yet?
B: Of course. I fed them today.
A: Good job! Please give them a bath later on today.
B: Sure, I'll give them a bath.
A: Thanks. But don't forget that they have a vet appointment this Saturday.
B: I remember. What time do they need to be there?
A: They need to be there at eleven in the morning.
B: All right. I'll make sure and remember.

A: Have you given the puppies anything to eat today?
B: I fed them earlier today.
A: Great! Could you please bathe them later?
B: Okay, I'll do that later.
A: Thank you! Remember that they go to the vet this Saturday.
B: I know. What time is their appointment?
A: We need to have them there at 11:00 AM.
B: I got it. I will remember.

A: Have you washed any clothes yet?
B: No, I've only washed my whites.
A: When you wash your dark clothes, can you put some of mine in?
B: Sure. Is there any extra care that I should take with your clothes?
A: Just make sure you keep it on the gentle cycle.
B: How many clothes of yours do you want me to wash?
A: There isn't a lot, why, do you have a large load to wash?
B: It's really only a small load.
A: Do you mind washing my clothes?
B: Not at all. It's no problem.
A: Thank you so much.
B: It's no trouble at all.

A: Have you finished washing clothes?
B: I've finished my white clothes. I need to wash the rest.
A: When you do your darks, can you wash some of mine too?
B: I can do that. Is there a special way you want them washed?
A: They need to be washed on the gentle cycle.
B: Do you have a lot of clothes that need to be washed?
A: There aren't many clothes, is your load big?
B: My load isn't that big.
A: If it's a problem, you don't have to do it for me.
B: I can do this for you. Don't worry.
A: I greatly appreciate this.
B: Don't mention it.

A: Did you already wash your clothes today?
B: I've only washed my white clothes.
A: Could you wash some of my dark clothes with yours?
B: Is there any special care I should take with your clothes?
A: The only thing is that they have to be washed on the gentle cycle.
B: Are there a lot of clothes?
A: There aren't a lot of clothes, do you have a lot to wash?
B: It's a medium load.
A: You don't mind, do you?
B: No big deal. I'll do it for you.
A: Thanks a lot.
B: You're welcome.

A: It's time for bed.
B: I'm not ready to go to sleep. I'm not tired.
A: It's quite late, and you have an early day tomorrow.
B: I'm not going to be able to fall asleep.
A: Why don't you try counting sheep?
B: I've tried that before. It really doesn't work.
A: That's beside the point, you still need to go to bed.
B: Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep?
A: If I let you do that, then you're just going to be up all night.
B: I promise I'll go to sleep soon.
A: No, you're going to sleep now, so good night.
B: See you in the morning.

A: Shouldn't you already be in bed?
B: I can't sleep. I'm really not all that tired.
A: You need to get some rest, as you have to get up early in the morning.
B: It's impossible for me to get to sleep right now.
A: Just close your eyes, and try not to think.
B: That really does not work for me.
A: It doesn't matter, you need to get some sleep.
B: How about I tire myself out, and then fall asleep when I'm tired?
A: Then you're not going to go to sleep.
B: Don't worry, I'll make sure and get to sleep in a little while.
A: I want you in bed, right now, so sweet dreams.
B: Fine. Sleep well yourself.

A: Isn't it past your bedtime already?
B: I am not sleepy. 
A: It's getting late, and you have to wake up early tomorrow.
B: There is no way that I can fall asleep right now.
A: Try listening to some soft music.
B: It won't work. I'm nowhere close to being tired.
A: I really don't care, just go to sleep.
B: What if I stay up and do something, until I get tired?
A: You'll be up all night if I let you do that.
B: I'm going to get to sleep eventually.
A: You need to go to sleep now, so go to sleep.
B: Good night.

A: Wake up, it's time for school.
B: I'm so tired. Let me sleep for five more minutes.
A: You have to get up and get ready for school.
B: I know, but just five more minutes.
A: I can't let you go back to sleep, because you won't wake back up.
B: I promise I'll wake up, in five minutes.
A: You still need to eat breakfast, take a shower, and get dressed.
B: I realize that, and I can do all that when I wake up in five minutes.
A: I don't want you to be late for school today.
B: I'm not going to be late today.
A: Fine, five more minutes.
B: Thank you.

A: Get up, it's time for you to get ready.
B: Let me just get five more minutes of sleep.
A: I would, but you need to start getting ready for school.
B: I understand, but all I want is five more minutes of sleep.
A: If I let you go back to sleep, I know that you won't get up in five minutes.
B: Trust me. I'm going to wake up.
A: You have a lot to get done this morning.
B: I already know, and I'll take care of all that when I wake up.
A: I want you to be on time for school today.
B: I'll make it to school on time. Don't worry.
A: I'll let you sleep for a little while longer.
B: I really appreciate that.

A: It's time for you to wake up.
B: Give me five more minutes. I'm really tired this morning.
A: I'm sorry, but it's time for you to get ready for school.
B: I get that, but let me just sleep for a little bit longer.
A: You're not going to get up in five minutes if I let you fall back asleep.
B: Believe me. I will get up and get ready in five minutes.
A: There's a lot that you need to do this morning.
B: I understand, and it will get done after I wake up in five minutes.
A: I would like for you to not be late for school.
B: I'm going to be on time today.
A: Go back to sleep then, but only five more minutes.
B: Thanks a lot.

A: Have you been coming to this Laundromat long?
B: I have been washing clothes here since a few years ago.
A: Why is that?
B: It doesn't cost me as much to wash here.
A: I've just started doing my clothes here.
B: Why are you washing your clothes here now?
A: My washing machine broke down.
B: You should just pay someone to fix it.
A: It's too expensive to get it fixed.
B: So you're just going to wash here?
A: Yes, I think that's what I'm going to have to do.
B: It costs less to wash here.

A: How long have you been washing clothes here?
B: I started washing here about three years ago.
A: How come?
B: I can wash my clothes for less money here.
A: This is my first time washing clothes here.
B: What reason are you washing here today?
A: I can't wash at home because my machine is broken.
B: Go and get it repaired.
A: That'll cost too much.
B: Are you going to continue washing your clothes here for a while?
A: I have no choice.
B: Washing clothes at a Laundromat costs a lot less money.

A: Do you wash clothes here often?
B: I have been coming here for the past few years.
A: Why do you wash here?
B: It's actually a lot cheaper for me to wash my clothes here.
A: I've only washed my clothes here a couple times.
B: Why don't you wash clothes at home?
A: I would, if my washing machine wasn't broken.
B: Why don't you just get it fixed?
A: I can't afford it.
B: So you plan on washing your clothes here from now on?
A: That's my only option right now.
B: Don't worry. Besides, it's a lot cheaper to wash clothes this way.

A: I'm not sure about how to operate the washer and dryer.
B: What's the problem?
A: I need help turning them on.
B: You need change.
A: The machines take change?
B: Yes. It costs fifty cents for the washer and a dollar for the dryer.
A: How do I do it?
B: You put the coins into the slot, push it in, and it will turn on.
A: That's it?
B: There's nothing else to it.
A: Thank you very much.
B: You're welcome. Let me know if you need anything else.

A: I need help using the washer and dryer.
B: Tell me what the problem is.
A: I can't figure out how to turn them on.
B: Do you have some quarters?
A: I didn't know I needed change.
B: The washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar.
A: Where do I put the change?
B: The quarters go into the slot. You have to push the slot in, and the machine will turn on.
A: Is that everything that I have to do?
B: That's all there is.
A: I appreciate you helping me with this.
B: If you need anything else, just let me know.

A: Could you tell me how to use the washer and dryer?
B: What do you need help with?
A: Do you know how to turn them on?
B: Do you have any change?
A: I need change for the machines?
B: You need to put 50 cents into the washer machine and a dollar into the dryer.
A: So what do I need to do?
B: The machines will turn on once you put the quarters into the slot.
A: That's really all I have to do?
B: That's everything.
A: Thanks for all your help.
B: I'm here if you need any more help.

A: I'm returning your phone call.
B: I'm glad that you could get back to me so fast.
A: No problem, but what were you calling about?
B: I needed to talk to you about your son.
A: Is he messing up in school?
B: He was acting up in class one day last week.
A: What was he doing?
B: He wouldn't stop talking throughout the class.
A: I don't know what's gotten into him.
B: If you could, would you please talk to him?
A: I will get right on that, and I am very sorry.
B: I really appreciate your help.

A: Did you call me?
B: Thank you for returning my call.
A: What was your call about?
B: I wanted to have a talk with you about your son.
A: What did he do?
B: He was messing around last week in class.
A: Exactly what did he do?
B: Even though I asked him not to, he kept speaking out in class.
A: I don't know what his problem is.
B: I need you to talk to him, if you don't mind.
A: That won't happen again, I'm sorry.
B: Thank you. Hopefully I won't have to call about him again.

A: I believe that you called me?
B: Oh, hi. Thanks for getting back to me quickly.
A: Why did you call me?
B: I was calling about your son.
A: Did he do something wrong?
B: Your son was acting up in class.
A: What do you mean?
B: He was talking and causing a disturbance during class.
A: That's really not like him.
B: If you could just talk to him, I would greatly appreciate it.
A: I apologize, and I'll make sure he doesn't do that again.
B: Don't worry about it, but thank you very much.

A: Can you go to the store for me?
B: Sure, I can go to the store for you. What do you need?
A: Just a couple things, here's a list.
B: Is there anything else that you want me to pick up?
A: No, I think that's all that I need.
B: Is there any other place you would like me to go to for you?
A: If you can, could you pick up my prescription for me?
B: Sure, no problem. Is your prescription ready?
A: I think so. It should be.
B: Okay, I'll pick it up for you.
A: Thank you so much.
B: You're welcome.


A: Can you pick up some things from the store for me?
B: Of course, what do you need? 
A: I need a few things, I'll give you the list.
B: Is there something else you need that you can think of?
A: Everything I need is on the list.
B: Do you want me to make any other stops while I'm out?
A: Since you asked, would you pick up my medicine from the pharmacy?
B: Is it ready to be picked up?
A: I believe so.
B: No problem. I'll do that for you.
A: I really appreciate you doing this for me.
B: It's no problem at all.

A: I would appreciate it if you could go to the store for me.
B: No problem. What do you want me to get?
A: Here's a list with a few things that I need you to get.
B: Did you forget to put anything on the list?
A: I don't think I forgot anything.
B: Would you like me to go anywhere else for you?
A: If you don't mind, I would appreciate it if you would pick up my prescription.
B: Has your prescription been filled yet?
A: Someone at the pharmacy called and told me it was ready.
B: Sure, I'll go get it for you.
A: Thank you.
B: Anything for you.

Vidya : Hello Friend, How are you? 
Dinesh : Fine. I haven’t seen you for a long time. 
Vidya : I’m filled with ambition for the welfare of the people. 
Dinesh : For that what are you going to do? 
Vidya : I’m going to join the Indian Administrative service. 
Dinesh : Are you physically fit and strong? 
Vidya : Of course, I’m physically fit. 
Dinesh : I congratulate you on your joining Indian Administrative Service. 
