A: Who did you vote for?
B: I voted for Obama.
A: Me too.
B: He will be a great president.
A: Everyone likes him.
B: He's a good speaker.
A: And he's really smart.
B: He will solve our problems.
A: He will end the war.
B: The next four years will be good years.
A: I'll vote for him next time, too.
B: I think everyone will.
A: The election is next week.
B: Who are you voting for?
A: I'm not voting for the mayor.
B: Why not?
A: He made promises that he didn't keep.
B: Like what?
A: He promised to hire 1,000 more police officers.
B: How many did he hire?
A: One hundred!
B: Maybe he had a good reason.
A: Maybe he's just a liar.
B: Maybe I'll vote for someone else, too.
A: I can't believe he won the election.
B: Only 15 percent of the voters turned out.
A: That is a joke.
B: Voting is so important, but people don't bother.
A: Many people think their vote doesn't matter.
B: The mayor won by only 2,000 votes.
A: We're stuck with him for four more years.
B: Voting is so easy. You can even mail your ballot in.
A: All you have to do is vote and put a stamp on it.
B: How easy is that?
A: I guess people just don't care.
B: They'll care when they see their taxes go up.
A: Well, we have a new president.
B: But we have the same old problems.
A: Well, he's made a few changes.
B: Like what?
A: I think he closed the bowling alley in the White House.
B: Oh, yeah. He's changing it to a basketball court.
A: Who's paying for that?
B: I think we are!
A: Well, that's okay, as long as it helps him relax and think more clearly.
B: Yes, we need a relaxed president who thinks clearly.
A: Do any other world leaders have a basketball court?
B: They will. You know America always leads the way.
A: People say that everybody loves Obama.
B: Well, more than 50 million people voted for McCain.
A: That's 50 million people who don't love Obama.
B: Obama's got four years to make everyone happy.
A: He's never going to make everyone happy.
B: Can you imagine being President?
A: Everyone wants you to solve their problems.
B: I have enough stress from trying to solve my own problems.
A: You and everybody else.
B: I would never want to be President.
A: But think about all the power you'd have.
B: I prefer my quiet little life to all the power in the world.
A: Did you read this article?
B: What article?
A: It says the mayor spends only 11 percent of his time on city duties.
B: Only 11 percent?
A: About 50 percent of the time he's traveling.
B: Where does he travel to?
A: Oh, all over the world.
B: But he's supposed to be making our city a better place.
A: He's visiting other cities to get ideas.
B: Can't he just go online?
A: The rest of the time he's raising money for his reelection.
B: Well, he'll never get reelected once this news gets out.
A: Who did you vote for for president?
B: I voted for Ralph Nader.
A: Who in the world is Ralph Nader?
B: He's the best man for president.
A: Why's that?
B: He hates corporations.
A: Well, most corporations do think only about money.
B: He hates Democrats and Republicans.
A: Well, they do put their party before their country.
B: He's the only candidate that I trust.
A: But he didn't have a chance. Nobody voted for him!
B: Sooner or later, voters will wake up.
A: I don't know why I bother to vote.
B: Why's that?
A: What good does it do?
B: You get to put someone in power that you like.
A: Only if my candidate wins.
B: Well, he can't win unless you and others vote for him.
A: But even if my candidate wins, he'll break his promises.
B: That's true. They promise anything just so they get elected.
A: And when elected, they go their own way.
B: They forget who put them in power.
A: They forget where they came from.
B: Maybe you should run for office.
A: That election for U.S. Senator stunk.
B: What do you mean?
A: There were more votes than voters!
B: But that's impossible.
A: Officials said that it's possible.
B: Did they explain how it's possible?
A: No. They said there are some things you can't explain.
B: So are they going to hold another election?
A: No. That will cost too much money.
B: So it's better to save money than to have an honest election?
A: Well, the Democratic Party says it was an honest election.
B: Of course they say that—their man won!
A: I see that former President Bush is at a conference.
B: Yes. He's telling jokes about his eight years as president.
A: Yes, those eight years were a lot of fun for everyone.
B: Only 4,000 American soldiers were killed overseas.
A: Not to mention 40,000 wounded soldiers.
B: But Bush visited some of them in the hospital once.
A: That's nice that he found the time to make a visit.
B: He spoke to them and made them feel better.
A: Did he speak to every family that lost a soldier?
B: No, he didn't have time to do that.
A: Well, he's got plenty of time now!
B: No, he's too busy writing a book about how hard it was to be president.
A: Did you get your Official Sample Ballot?
B: Yes, with the Voter Instructions.
A: How are you going to vote?
B: Same as ever, by mail. All it costs me is a 42-cent stamp.
A: I meant, are you going to vote for or against the new taxes?
B: Against all of them, of course.
A: But we need new taxes to pay for highways, schools, and prisons.
B: We've already voted for new taxes to pay for all that stuff!
A: That's true. Where did that money go?
B: Our legislators spent it on first-class travel all over the world.
A: They are having a good time with our money.
B: So when are we going to stop giving them more?
A: Have you decided how you are going to vote?
B: Do you mean on Measures 1, 2, and 3?
A: Yes. The ones that will improve our schools, roads, and hospitals.
B: You mean the measures that will raise our taxes.
A: But the TV ads say that our taxes will not increase.
B: Do you believe the TV ads?
A: I like the one where the fireman tells us why we should vote Yes.
B: Don't believe him! Whatever the TV ads tell you, the opposite is true.
A: But the title of Measure 1 is "Better Schools at No Cost."
B: The title should be "Better Schools at Huge Cost."
A: I can't believe that they would lie to us.
B: Of course they lie—that's what politicians do!
